Guidelines and Instructions for Synopsis 




Students are instructed to strictly follow guidelines.
Guidelines –
1. Project title should be in Times New Roman with font size 18
2. The entire synopsis should be in Times New Roman font with line spacing 1.5, top, left, bottom and right margins are properly aligned with 1 inch.
3. All contents should be of size 12 and justified 
4. All the main topic headings should be of size 16, bold and left justified.
5. All the sub headings should be of size 14 and bold.
6. All pages should be of A-4 sized paper.

Instructions-
1. Only one copy (hard copy) of synopsis has to be made for the submission.
2. Only printed synopsis is accepted.
3. References should follow format like (author name, “title of paper or book or link name”, name  
    of Conference or journals or book in which published, year of published.
4. Synopsis should be of maximum four (4) pages only.






















A
Project Synopsis

On

Project Topic Name
(Size 18, Bold, Times New Roman)


   Submitted to
Savitribai Phule Pune University 
 (Size 14, Bold, Times New Roman)



In Partial Fulfillment of the requirement of the award of the degree of
Bachelor of Computer Application 
TYBCA - SCIENCE, Sem VI
Academic Year 2024-25


Submitted by
Mr. / Ms. Student(s) Name
(Size 14, Bold, Times New Roman)

Under the Guidance of
Guide Name


Department of Computer Application


Alandi (D), 412105
1. Title:
A concise and descriptive title that reflects the essence of the project.
2. Introduction:
Provide a brief overview of the project.
State the background and context of the problem or opportunity addressed by the project.
Highlight the significance and relevance of the project in the chosen field.
3. Objectives:
Clearly state the specific objectives of the project.
Outline the goals you aim to achieve by the completion of the project.
4. Scope:
Define the boundaries and limitations of the project.
Specify what is included and excluded from the project scope.
5. Methodology:
Describe the methods employed in the project.
Outline the tools, technologies, and techniques used for data collection and analysis.
6. Literature Review:
Summarize relevant literature and research that forms the basis for your project.
Highlight key theories, models, or research or development frameworks that inform your work.
7. Implementation Plan:
Provide a timeline or schedule for the execution of the project.
Break down the project into phases and tasks.
8. Expected Outcomes:
Clearly articulate the anticipated results and deliverables of the project.
Describe how the project will contribute to existing knowledge or address the identified problem.
9. Conclusion:
Summarize the key points discussed in the synopsis.
Conclude with a statement about the expected contribution of the project.
10. References:
Include a list of all references cited in the synopsis.






